--- core2v39_poetry_00 author=christina_rossetti variant=adapter ---
A CHILD IS BORN

THERE WAS a time when I was small; there was a time before you were born,
And in that time I saw a little child lying on its mother's knee.
I can see now again that happy face of mine which then was dearer to me than life itself--its mouth open, but not crying--its eyes looking up with such simple trust!
My lips are full of laughter at my foolish wonderment. Oh, how great is Love!--how great is Life!--how sweet is Innocence! How vast the future!--how real is

--- core2v39_poetry_01 author=edwin_arlington_robinson variant=adapter ---
 
Then read this note to yourself. If you feel at all self-conscious
about your writing, just keep reading it until that feeling passes.
You may have a friend or relative proofread it once or twice before
giving it to someone else. But try not to be too critical of what you've
written; no matter how much experience you gain as a writer, nothing will
ever beat that first draft, because in that first effort there is always a
kind of excitement and energy. You can come back later on and edit and cut
and shape and polish every

--- core2v39_poetry_02 author=emily_dickinson variant=adapter ---
1784 AND 53

I WAIT. I wait for your return from sea, my love;
And in this quiet place of mine I sit me down
To watch you come again. The long dark night
Is drawing to its end. You may be coming now!
You are not yet a thousand miles away.
My heart is beating like a little spring-time bird
That sings when morning comes and shakes his little brown nest
In sunshine out on the bare bough overhead.
The days grow warmer by the hour that pass,
For time goes quickly

--- core2v39_poetry_03 author=john_masefield variant=adapter ---
THE BALLAD OF EAST AND WEST

I see a face in a crowd of faces; I hear
A voice in a soundless world. It is my own, it is you;
It was always me that sang to your dreams, and you always were
The one who listened at night. We have been together long—
You are not alone! You are with those that love you best,
Who sing out loud because they cannot be silent any longer.
You will come back again someday when we all are free,
And the old hate between us shall cease. Then we

--- core2v39_poetry_04 author=matthew_arnold variant=adapter ---
Hast thou no delight in music? Hear not I sing
The love song well rehears'd a thousand times before,
To one who ne'er loved me with more than ordinary care?
Have I left off thy dear name thus long a while?
I will not stay my song till that remembrance waken;
Nor yet when it return shall I begin again.
And now, most fair, since all things must have end,
What is our life but as a walking shadow—a poor player
That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,
And then is

--- core2v39_poetry_05 author=edna_millay variant=adapter ---
The secret

I was alone in my room, lying on the bed. It was late at night,
the stars were shining through the window lattice-work of my curtain,
and I had a feeling that some one else lay beside me
(was it not myself? Was it not the bed?)
And suddenly--there is nothing more to be said; yet I can say it:
A hand seized mine! A voice called me by name! My soul arose like
a bird out of its nest, up, up towards Heaven. All the world seemed
to stand still as

--- core2v39_poetry_06 author=sara_teasdale variant=adapter ---
 
When he comes back to his own home again, in the evening, he sees a woman standing by the door. He asks her who she is; and she tells him that it is herself. She had been married long before. The husband was unkind. They both have children now. But after so many years, they still remembered each other very well. When her husband died, she went away from here because of some reasons. Now, after all these years, she came back to find her ex-husband, but no one knows where he lives, and nobody can help her to tell

--- core2v39_poetry_07 author=stephen_crane variant=adapter ---
And in that moment, she felt a sudden shock as of being struck by
lightning; she saw before her all the dead who had been loved,
those whom she had seen go through life with her,—her mother, her
sister, her father, her brother, the old soldiers, all of them,
whom she would never see again. Then came an even greater shock.

It was no longer God she saw there,—it was not God at all. It was
all those people whom she knew so well—the dead ones were among
them,—and they were looking back

--- core2v39_poetry_08 author=christina_rossetti variant=adapter ---
When I was very young my mother had a little dress
Which she would wear upon occasions;
And when it came to be quite faded and worn out
She sold it in order that she might buy another one.

This is the only little story I know of where
The loss caused by the selling has increased the gain;
But if you look into the matter closely enough,
You will find that the mother's motive wasn’t mean.

In answer to her daughter’s question as to why
She should part with a thing which seemed so lovely to see,


--- core2v39_poetry_09 author=edwin_arlington_robinson variant=adapter ---
i am a poet, i have lived through war, but my real home is here where my people live; it's not the sea that makes me a sailor, nor the river or lake —it's the land that holds them who make us one nation, bound by the same song of love. we are all a part of america because we belong to each other as well.

--- core2v39_poetry_10 author=emily_dickinson variant=adapter ---
To that the reader must be to his subject matter; it would
be a gross injustice if this was not taken into account. "The
writer should endeavour," says Professor Tyndall, in his Life of
Michael Faraday, "to find out how far he can go in the right direc-
tion before he is likely to get beyond his depth. A good rule is to
select some line or point on which there has been sufficient pre-
paration done already by other hands." When once you have found
your ground, however, take care that your feet are planted firmly


--- core2v39_poetry_11 author=john_masefield variant=adapter ---
How do you propose to spend this weekend?

Sunday afternoon at a friend's house on Long Island. We are going to take
a boat ride in his 1940 launch down to "The Narrows" (Hempstead Bay)
and watch the ferry boats go by from his dock. Then we will return up
the bay through Port Washington, which is really pretty because of all
of the small yachts. The sun sets around five o'clock so there will be
time before dinner to stroll over to the corner restaurant where he has
his table reserved for

--- core2v39_poetry_12 author=matthew_arnold variant=adapter ---
O sweet! methinks it is but vain to use
Sweet words upon that sad remembrance; yet
I'll not renounce what love dictated me:
The mind I had of you was such a high one,
That all my vows were fixed unto your eyes;
But now they are consumed with ashes quite,
And all affections turned into sighs.
As when great Neptune did his watry kingdom
Subdue, and drench the main with waves so high
That birds could never cleave their pinions wide,
Nor any thing save only fishes swimme;
So

--- core2v39_poetry_13 author=edna_millay variant=adapter ---
The first time I ever drank Japanese rice wine (sake) was at a hotel in Tokyo
where they offered it on their free lunch list--a sort of cold tea soup which had
a strong smell to it but no taste that could be put into words. As I remember it now,
I think my impression of its flavor was one of “old.” At least that is what I told the
others who came with me to drink the cupful; none of us liked it better than we did
the cheap beer we were used to in Europe.

But when I returned home

--- core2v39_poetry_14 author=sara_teasdale variant=adapter ---
There is a man-made island in the sea; there are some buildings on it; there is a wide road which runs along its length.

The long causeway leads to another artificial island, with rows of houses laid out like a checkerboard, all having one window each that looks out at the sea. There are three tall trees near these houses, and beyond them a row of two-storeyed tenements. On either side of this group stand five little cottages set closely together—the whole forming what seemed to me an ideal suburb.

--- core2v39_poetry_15 author=stephen_crane variant=adapter ---
 III. The "hats" of those days were not so much caps or bonnets as head-
 cloths; but they had the same effect on men's heads in most cases that a
 hat would have. In some instances they covered only part of the head
 like the mitre, which was a kind of conical cap with a hole at the top to
 admit the light. In others they completely veiled all the features except
 the eyes. We see them represented also as having long tails reaching far
 down behind--a fashion adopted by both sexes. But it is evident from
